Chapter 3: Inception

In this chapter, the Inception part of the software requirement analysis of our project will be discussed briefly.

3.1 Introduction
Inception is the beginning phase of requirements engineering. It defines how does a software project get started and what is the scope and nature of the problem to be solved. The goal of the inception phase is to identify concurrence needs and conflict requirements among the stakeholders of a software project. At project inception, we establish a basic understanding of the problem, the people who want a solution, the nature of the solution that is desired, and the effectiveness of preliminary communication and collaborations between the other stakeholders and the software team. 

3.2 Establishing the ground work
To establish the groundwork we have worked with the following factors related to the inception phases:
 	List of stakeholders
 	Recognizing multiple viewpoints
 	Working towards collaboration
 	Requirements questionnaire


3.2.1 List of stakeholders
Stakeholder refers to any person or group who will be affected by the system directly or indirectly. Stakeholders include end-users who interact with the system and everyone else in an organization that may be affected by its installation. At inception, a list of people who will contribute input as requirements are elicited (Chapter 3) is created. The initial list will grow as stakeholders are contacted because every stakeholder will be asked: “Whom else do you think I should talk to?”
To identify the stakeholders we consulted with the teachers and student who are cyclists or runner asked those following questions:
 	What will be the main purpose of using the web application?
 	Who will be using the project outcomes?
 	Where we will find the resources we need to get the project done?
 	Whose work will my project affect? (During the project and also once the project is completed).
Concluding thoughts on Stakeholders thoughts we identified that the common stakeholders of this system are all the faculties and the worker related to the existing manual billing system.
Faculties of IIT: All the faculties will use the system as their part of billing procedure.
Director of IIT: Director will use the system to approve bill and he/she will also be able to make his own bill.
Coordinator of IIT: Coordinator will use the bill use the system for approving other’s bill as well as his/her own bill.
Other people working in billing process in IIT: Other accountants of IIT will use the system as a part of billing procedure.
Developers: Developers will build the system and work on further development of the project. They will be responsible for any type of interruption and they will solve it.
3.2.2 Recognizing multiple viewpoints
Though all types of stakeholders we identified will use the application on same purposes, each of them has slightly different view of the system. So we have to identify the multiple views of requirements. Assumptions are given below:
Viewpoint of Faculties:
 	User friendly efficient system
 	System must generate the bill in pdf format
 	The generated value from the system should be error free
 	System must show the approval of the bill
 	Strongly authenticated system
 	Bill should be made dynamically 
 	Easily operable system
Viewpoint of Coordinator:
 	User friendly system
 	System must generate the bill in pdf format
 	Billing calculation must be specific and exact
 	Dynamic bill making process should be included
 	Bill should be configurable by the user
 	System must be strongly authenticated
 	System should give the configuration option to change role of other user
 	System must generate the bill in pdf format
 	Easily operable system
Viewpoint of Director:
 	User friendly system
 	System must be strongly authenticated
 	Dynamic bill making process should be included
 	Billing calculation must be specific and exact
 	System must generate the bill in pdf format
 	It will be easy to operate the system
Viewpoint of Other Workers:
 	User friendly system
 	System must be strongly authenticated
 	It will be easy to operate the system
Viewpoint of Developers:
 	All the requirements will be well defined
 	No major requirement change will come in the development phase
 	All the stakeholders will be available for further information and consult

3.2.3 Working towards collaboration
Every stakeholders has their own requirements from their own point of view. We followed following steps to merge all the requirements. We-
	Identified the common and conflicting requirements
	Categorized the requirements
	Take priority points for each requirements from stakeholders 
	Make final decision about the requirements

Common requirements: We found some requirements are all the same from different user
	User friendly and efficient system
	Easy to operate
	Authentication
	Making the bill in pdf format
	Dynamic billing process
	Error free and exact calculation
Conflicting requirements: We found some requirements conflicting each other. We had to trade-off between the requirements.
	Availability of all requirements within the budget
	No ambiguous requirement
	Easy access
	Strong authentication and high security
	No harmful effects on existing technology
Final requirements: We finalized following requirements for the system by categorizing and prioritizing the requirements.
 	Error free system (Maximum 5% error may be considerable)
 	Allow the users login and logout
 	User friendly and efficient system
 	Give the specific user specific role
 	Automated entry of billing information
 	Dynamic billing process
 	Generate bill in pdf
 	Central database contain all billing information

3.2.4 Requirement Questionnaire
We set our first set of context-free questions focuses on the customer and other stakeholders, overall project goals and benefits. The questions are mentioned above. These questions helped us to identify all stakeholders, measurable benefit of the successful implementation and possible alternatives to custom software development. Next set of question helped us to gain a better understanding of problem and allows the customer to voice his or her perception about the solution. The final set of question focused on the effectiveness of the communication activity itself.

3.3 Conclusion
Inception phase helped us to establish basic understanding about the project Billing System, identify the people who will be benefited using this system, define the nature of the project and establish a preliminary communication with our stakeholders.
In our project, we have established a basic understanding of the problem, the nature of the solution that is desired and the effectiveness of preliminary communication and collaboration between the stake-holders and the software team. More studies and communication will help both side (developer and client) to understand the future prospect of the project. Our team believes that the full functioning document will help us to define that future prospect.
