Billing System
[In IIT, each year need to make many bills. These bills encompasses with BSSE, MSSE, PGDIT, Short Course program. Many events, exam, equipment buying also included. Currently all these program’s bills are created manually. This system is tough to maintain, collaborate with budget, and enough lengthy process. So an automated billing system is necessary to efficiently handle billing process.]

[Stakeholders: 
Faculties: Dr. Kazi Muheymin-Us Sakib, Dr. Md. Mahbubul Alam Joarder, Amit Seal Ami
Office members: Sompa Rani Kar, Narayan Kunda]
Test
User Scenario
To manipulate a bill user’s of this system must need to login in the system through a login process. Before that they need to register in the system. To create a bill user first enter the name of bill and select some billing criteria. In case of new billing criteria user can add a new entry which will be verified by admin as criteria. Based on those criteria, user input some amount of money. After that user creates a billing document with some of approval section. In approval section there are director, accountant and user. To approve this bill, user sends billing document to admin. Admin can see all the billing list pending for approval. Admin approves these bill after checking budget for the bill, event occurrence and appropriate validity. After approval by admin the bill is sent to director for final approval. If a bill is sent to director, a notification is also sent to the corresponding user notifying the bill is in final approval. Similarly, if the bill isn’t approved by admin, a notification will be sent to user with identifying the reason to decline the bill. Then the user has to make new bill with proper correction. On the other hand, accepted bills are approved by the director and sent to responsible user for generating a pdf with the bill.
Additional any other important bills which are not listed will be approved through ac meeting and the director will give the approval to the system.

Billing fields:
?	Admission
•	
?	Examination
?	Extra-curriculum activity
•	Games
•	Cultural programs
•	Picnic
?	Script Checking
?	Overtime
?	Food
?	Training Programs
?	Regular course
?	Short course
?	Maintenance
•	Buying new things
•	Repair
